Managing, reviewing, and updating your informationNEXT_POLICY_CODEUsers in the European Economic Area have the right to request access to, rectification of, or erasure of their personal data; to data portability in certain circumstances; to request restriction of processing; to object to processing; and to withdraw consent for processing where they have previously provided consent. NEXT_POLICY_CODEUnder the General Data Protection Regulation, you have the right to access, rectify, port and erase your data. Learn more about these rights, and find out how you can exercise your rights in the Facebook Settings and Instagram Settings.NEXT_POLICY_CODETwitchM-bM-^@M-^Ys Privacy Choices page describes your privacy options with respect to the Twitch services, including information about how you may be able to review, update, or delete information that Twitch may have about you.NEXT_POLICY_CODEYour Ability to Edit and Delete Your Account Information and PreferencesNEXT_POLICY_CODE You should know that no matter what legal basis applies, you always have the right to request access to, rectification of, and erasure of your data under the General Data Protection Regulation (the "GDPR"). NEXT_POLICY_CODEAt 9GAG, your privacy is important to us. We want you to have control over the information you give us, the information we use, and the information we keep. These are the tools we provide you to control your information:  Download My Data. You can request your data to be sent to you.  Removing Permissions. If you agree to let us use your information, you can change your mind at any time by changing the settings on your device. If you remove permission, certain services may be impacted and may lose functionality.  Deletion. We hope you remain a 9GAG user for life, but if you want to delete your account, please contact us. NEXT_POLICY_CODEto access personal data we hold about them (including, in some cases, in portable form), and to obtain its correction, update, amendment or deletion in appropriate circumstances. They may also object to our uses or disclosures of personal data, to request a restriction on its processing, or withdraw any consent, though such actions typically will not have retroactive effect.NEXT_POLICY_CODEWe provide many choices about the collection, use and sharing of your data, from deleting or correcting data you include in your profile and controlling the visibility of your posts to advertising opt-outs and communication controls. NEXT_POLICY_CODEAccessing or Rectifying Your Personal Data If you have registered an account on Twitter, we provide you with tools and account settings to access, correct, delete, or modify the personal data you provided to us and associated with your account. NEXT_POLICY_CODETo the extent that the relevant laws, rules and regulations on data privacy recognize your rights and freedoms as data subjects, you shall have the right to information, object, access, rectification, erasure or blocking, lodge complaints before the NPC, damages and data portability.NEXT_POLICY_CODERectify, Restrict, Limit, Delete. You can also rectify, restrict, limit or delete much of your information by logging into your Tumblr account.NEXT_POLICY_CODEYou have the right to: opt out of non-essential cookies (see our Cookie Policy); access, correct, delete, restrict, or object to our use of your personal information; be forgotten; port your data; and withdraw consents.NEXT_POLICY_CODEUnder applicable data protection legislation, in certain circumstances, you have rights concerning your personal data. You have a right to: (1) request a copy of all your personal data that we store and to transmit that copy to another data controller; (2) delete (see section 10 below) or amend your personal data; (3) restrict, or object to, the processing of your personal data; (4) correct any inaccurate or incomplete personal data we hold on you; and (5) lodge a complaint with national data protection authorities regarding our processing of your personal data.NEXT_POLICY_CODEYou may update, correct or delete certain information about you at any time by logging into your online account or contacting us through https://help.flickr.com/contact.NEXT_POLICY_CODE